This is manu chao girls wanted
make a short video brief for
wish you a merry Christmas and a happy new year
new and many beautiful things all because
this year was a bit positive for me
the new year will be even more beautiful
I hope and so I'm glad I wish that
the same thing happened to you too
so I don't want to say that money doesn't
give up on continuing to hope a
believe in dreams because a little more the
dream come true and so it was a short one
video just to wish you the best
christmas and improving nothing i just wanted
chat a little with you today given a
couple of videos and now I was there
said but we wish you well
Christmas deserve them and I wanted them
thank you auctions for being registered
in this year however also the
other years however for new arrivals and
for the old women who remained for
those who believed in me and who didn't
they never abandoned me for those that
they always followed and supported me
because it was true it was a nice year
for me to some points of view for
regarding my realization of
dreams regarding many things that
led me to be with now
none therefore a little more serene though
also had less then me periods of
owe a little
can be said a little disappointed a little tired from
this world we went to that there
still surrounds the fact that
He could not find work
we young people are always looking for
something you couldn't find e
so maybe I got myself too
period not when I wanted to leave the
channel although a lot of a guy that is
was a tac that a tactic of what
but it's okay and I wanted to leave you a bit
when we are not there anyway
successful and so I'm glad that
you have remained and my side and that me
they always argued because I did
still today many messages or few
free time while very little girls e
as he had explained in the evening so on
it seems bad to say but it is not that not
I want to dedicate time to you but
I prefer to dedicate it to the next ones
they are even closer to me than you
so fabio my family and so on
if they can evening do not stay at the computer a
watch videos and respond to messages
and maybe do it with fabio chami puts me
a little more tranquility than maybe not
I know maybe I don't answer all
messages is a bit bad to say I try
I prefer to treat it like this my time
like like today maybe with some time
free on weekends sometimes web that
I don't think so before Christmas
I have the opportunity to respond to a
some live some of you and even up
facebook what follows me the follow
many and maybe I don't always answer
the fact that I no longer know by publishing
things on facebook is noticing me
Many people write to me he could not be present
as it used to be
I 'm sorry, but I 'm still happy
that you have remained in so many to follow me and
nothing I would like to do much more for
you
I wouldn't want to just put trivial videos
discounted and fast where very little is enough
mount them so I'd love to do
of tutorials even if I feel like a top e
no suitable equipment ie I see
that truths me they will never be beautiful
as much as other tutorials that have a lot
of light a beautiful car machine
photographic people who resume and who
they are there to help me I am alone in the
my bedroom a camera
scrausa e e non allu suitable to do
this is not the worst goat but I am not
I feel I like you better
so I am so I try to avoid
to waste time uselessly
but I'd like to do other types of
video so if you have ideas I'd love to
see me in others in other videos then
a little spoken spoken of a certain
what to video video tag
reviews on certain things I do
I gladly do
I will try to take some time for
to do it
and I always try to put video poker
all and for all above all therefore from
and the cheapest things has precisely
so my purchases or maybe the
reviews of products that I can't
allow companies to send me
all this is nothing I hope to have you
given serenity
in this year this year to other years
I hope I have considered so much company
it's nothing that we see each other
video below us again wishes to all
you and your families
Hello